[DX-1437] organise --> organize (PR 1) (#5065)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-stack/tyk-developer-portal/enterprise-developer-portal/managing-access/add-organisations.md

## Step by step instructions

> 1. From the **API Consumers > Organizations** menu, click **Add**.

Reviewer: cannot be changed as it's in the product (in the UI)

Reviewer: deleting this

> 1. From the **API Consumers > Organizations** menu, click **Add**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the **API Consumers > Organisations** menu, click **Add**.

**Note:** We are transitioning from GB to US notation. Some terms (e.g., UI, config files, APIs) still use GB notation. In this case, we use *organisation* with an *s* as appears in the source.
```

> {{< img src="/img/dashboard/portal-management/enterprise-portal/organisations-menu.png" alt="Portal Organizations menu" >}}

Reviewer: You can't change the path of existing URL

Author: I only changed the alt tag, not the path. Should I revert the changes anyway?
